com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/MessageModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MessageModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/service/MyBackgroundLocationService.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.MyBackgroundLocationService
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.MyBackgroundLocationService$1
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ProfileListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ProfileListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ProfileListAdapter$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ProfileListAdapter$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ProfileListAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ProfileListAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
de/hdodenhof/circleimageview/R.java
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$attr
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/LocationsListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.LocationsListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.LocationsListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/Patrolling/RecordModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Patrolling.RecordModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Patrolling.RecordModel$1
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/navigation/R.java
 androidx.navigation.R
 androidx.navigation.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.R$color
 androidx.navigation.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.R$id
 androidx.navigation.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.R$string
 androidx.navigation.R$style
 androidx.navigation.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ExperienceAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ExperienceAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ExperienceAdapter$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ExperienceAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/MultiSelectionAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultiSelectionAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultiSelectionAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultiSelectionAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/service/ScreenReceiver.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.ScreenReceiver
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/SiteObservationListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationListActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationListActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationListActivity$6
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ScanQRCodeActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeActivity$1
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/CommonDropdownModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.CommonDropdownModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.CommonDropdownModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ManagerDashBoardActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ManagerDashBoardActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ManagerDashBoardActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ManagerDashBoardActivity$2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/MarkAttendanceListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MarkAttendanceListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MarkAttendanceListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/CheckListModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.CheckListModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/BranchModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.BranchModel
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/MediaDetails.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MediaDetails
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MediaDetails$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/MetaDataResponseModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MetaDataResponseModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MetaDataResponseModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/HomeIconAdapter2.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeIconAdapter2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeIconAdapter2$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeIconAdapter2$MyViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeIconAdapter2$MyViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/picasso/BlurTransformation.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.picasso.BlurTransformation
com/app/iitdelhicampus/location/LocationTracker.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.location.LocationTracker
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.location.LocationTracker$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.location.LocationTracker$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.location.LocationTracker$LocationChangeListener
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.ktx.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/ui/BaseActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$10
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$11
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$12
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$13
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$14
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$15
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$16
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.ui.BaseActivity$9
com/app/iitdelhicampus/picasso/RSBlur.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.picasso.RSBlur
androidx/dynamicanimation/R.java
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$attr
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$color
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$dimen
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$drawable
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$id
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$integer
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$layout
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$string
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$style
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$styleable
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/google/android/libraries/places/R.java
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$color
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$dimen
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$drawable
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$id
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$layout
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$raw
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$string
 com.google.android.libraries.places.R$style
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/DocumentUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.DocumentUtils
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/SOSModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.SOSModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/CustomTextViewBold.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.CustomTextViewBold
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/ReadWriteJsonFileUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.ReadWriteJsonFileUtils
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/FileUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.FileUtils
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.FileUtils$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.FileUtils$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.FileUtils$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.FileUtils$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.FileUtils$5
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/constants/Constants.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$AttendingState
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$CurrentTab
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$DeteteEventStates
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$EventCategory
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$Location
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$LoginType
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$MediaType
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$NOTIFICATION_TYPE
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$Params
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$PaymentType
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$RequestType
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$SelectedTab
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$Services
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$TransactionType
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.Constants$waitingStatus
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/LoginModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.LoginModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.LoginModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/network/OnUpdateResponse.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.OnUpdateResponse
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/VisitTimingModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.VisitTimingModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.VisitTimingModel$1
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/CustomTextView.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.CustomTextView
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/MetaDataDetailModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MetaDataDetailModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MetaDataDetailModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ActivityListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ActivityListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ActivityListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ActivityListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ActivityListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ActivityListActivity$4
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment$5
com/app/iitdelhicampus/preference/AppPreferences.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.preference.AppPreferences
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.preference.AppPreferences$FilterAttending
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.preference.AppPreferences$FilterHosting
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/service/FireBaseMessagingService.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.FireBaseMessagingService
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.FireBaseMessagingService$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.FireBaseMessagingService$2
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/MarkedAttendanceListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MarkedAttendanceListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MarkedAttendanceListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MarkedAttendanceListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MarkedAttendanceListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MarkedAttendanceListActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MarkedAttendanceListActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MarkedAttendanceListActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MarkedAttendanceListActivity$7
eu/long1/spacetablayout/R.java
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$anim
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$animator
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$attr
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$bool
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$color
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$dimen
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$drawable
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$id
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$integer
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$layout
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$string
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$style
 eu.long1.spacetablayout.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/TimeModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.TimeModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.TimeModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ui/home/HomeFragment2.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment2$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment2$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment2$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment2$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment2$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment2$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragment2$7
com/app/iitdelhicampus/BuildConfig.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.BuildConfig
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/ShiftMasterModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ShiftMasterModel
com/google/firebase/storage/R.java
 com.google.firebase.storage.R
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$color
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$id
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$string
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$style
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/OTPVerificationActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.OTPVerificationActivity$9
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/WeeklyOffAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.WeeklyOffAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.WeeklyOffAdapter$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.WeeklyOffAdapter$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.WeeklyOffAdapter$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.WeeklyOffAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/HomeIconAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeIconAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeIconAdapter$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeIconAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeIconAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/IncidentTypeModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.IncidentTypeModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/CountrySelectionActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CountrySelectionActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CountrySelectionActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CountrySelectionActivity$2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/GenderListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.GenderListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.GenderListAdapter$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.GenderListAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/firebase/encoders/R.java
 com.google.firebase.encoders.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/fragment/ProfileFragmentGate.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragmentGate
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragmentGate$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragmentGate$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragmentGate$3
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/fragment/HomeFragment.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.HomeFragment
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.HomeFragment$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.HomeFragment$myWebClient
com/app/iitdelhicampus/tabs/PagerAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.tabs.PagerAdapter
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/ClientDataForPOModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ClientDataForPOModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ClientDataForPOModel$Data
com/app/iitdelhicampus/picasso/BitmapBorderTransformation.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.picasso.BitmapBorderTransformation
androidx/activity/ktx/R.java
 androidx.activity.ktx.R
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$color
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$id
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$string
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$style
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/phenotype/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.phenotype.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/R.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$anim
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$animator
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$array
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$attr
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$bool
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$color
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$dimen
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$drawable
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$id
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$integer
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$interpolator
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$layout
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$menu
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$mipmap
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$navigation
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$plurals
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$raw
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$string
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$style
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$styleable
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.R$xml
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/FcmDataModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.FcmDataModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.FcmDataModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ui/home/HomeFragmentMap.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeFragmentMap$9
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ActivityListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ActivityListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ActivityListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ActivityListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/LoginWithNumberManagerActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$9
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberManagerActivity$MyTextWatcher
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/UpdateMediaCallback.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.UpdateMediaCallback
com/app/iitdelhicampus/picasso/RoundedTransformation.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.picasso.RoundedTransformation
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/EmployeeShiftActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftActivity$5
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/IncidentTypeAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.IncidentTypeAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.IncidentTypeAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.IncidentTypeAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/Latlong.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.Latlong
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/BitmapUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.BitmapUtils
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/QRTaggingActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$10
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$11
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$12
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$13
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$6$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.QRTaggingActivity$9
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/AutoStartHelper.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.AutoStartHelper
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.AutoStartHelper$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.AutoStartHelper$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.AutoStartHelper$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.AutoStartHelper$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.AutoStartHelper$5
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/GenericUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.GenericUtils
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/HomeImageDataModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.HomeImageDataModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ScanQRandClientListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRandClientListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRandClientListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRandClientListActivity$2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/UpdateAttendanceModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.UpdateAttendanceModel
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/SortingComparator.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.SortingComparator
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/EmployeeModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.EmployeeModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.EmployeeModel$EmpList
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/service/FetchAddressTask.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.FetchAddressTask
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.FetchAddressTask$OnTaskCompleted
androidx/lifecycle/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.ktx.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ExperienceActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ExperienceActivity
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/SuccessModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.SuccessModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.SuccessModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/LoginWithNumberActivity2.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$9
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity2$MyTextWatcher
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/CustPagerTransformer.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CustPagerTransformer
androidx/navigation/common/R.java
 androidx.navigation.common.R
 androidx.navigation.common.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.common.R$color
 androidx.navigation.common.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.common.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.common.R$id
 androidx.navigation.common.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.common.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.common.R$string
 androidx.navigation.common.R$style
 androidx.navigation.common.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/service/LockService.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.LockService
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.LockService$LocalBinder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/CourseOfActionAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CourseOfActionAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CourseOfActionAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CourseOfActionAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CourseOfActionAdapter$ViewHolder$2
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/SecurityHazardAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SecurityHazardAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SecurityHazardAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SecurityHazardAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SecurityHazardAdapter$ViewHolder$2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/ReportIncidentModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ReportIncidentModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ReportIncidentModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/fragment/MapsFragment.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.MapsFragment
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.MapsFragment$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/MultipleSelectionActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MultipleSelectionActivity
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/FourSquareNearbyPlacesResponseModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.FourSquareNearbyPlacesResponseModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.FourSquareNearbyPlacesResponseModel$LocationModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.FourSquareNearbyPlacesResponseModel$Meta
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.FourSquareNearbyPlacesResponseModel$Response
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.FourSquareNearbyPlacesResponseModel$Venues
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/CustomButton.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.CustomButton
com/google/android/datatransport/runtime/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/POReportIncidentActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.POReportIncidentActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.POReportIncidentActivity$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/ManagerLoginModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ManagerLoginModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ManagerLoginModel$1
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/NotificationContentModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.NotificationContentModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/file/FilesDownloadManager.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FilesDownloadManager
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FilesDownloadManager$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/StringUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.StringUtils
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/ShiftMasterDetailModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ShiftMasterDetailModel
com/google/firebase/crashlytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$color
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$id
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$string
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$style
 com.google.firebase.crashlytics.R$styleable
com/viewpagerindicator/R.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.R
 com.viewpagerindicator.R$attr
 com.viewpagerindicator.R$bool
 com.viewpagerindicator.R$color
 com.viewpagerindicator.R$dimen
 com.viewpagerindicator.R$drawable
 com.viewpagerindicator.R$id
 com.viewpagerindicator.R$integer
 com.viewpagerindicator.R$style
 com.viewpagerindicator.R$styleable
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$anim
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$bool
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$color
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$dimen
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$drawable
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$integer
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$interpolator
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$layout
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$string
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$style
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ShiftMasterAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftMasterAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftMasterAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftMasterAdapter$ViewHolder$1
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
androidx/navigation/fragment/R.java
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$color
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$id
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$string
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$style
 androidx.navigation.fragment.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/EmployeeShiftListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeShiftListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeShiftListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/WeddingNotificationModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.WeddingNotificationModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/BizzyBackgroundTask.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.BizzyBackgroundTask
com/app/iitdelhicampus/service/Receiver.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.Receiver
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ReportAnIssue.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportAnIssue
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportAnIssue$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportAnIssue$2
androidx/navigation/fragment/ktx/R.java
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$anim
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$color
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$id
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$string
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$style
 androidx.navigation.fragment.ktx.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/file/FileUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileUtils
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileUtils$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileUtils$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileUtils$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileUtils$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileUtils$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileUtils$6
androidx/navigation/ui/R.java
 androidx.navigation.ui.R
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$anim
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$animator
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$bool
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$color
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$id
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$interpolator
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$string
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$style
 androidx.navigation.ui.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/ClientReportModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ClientReportModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ClientReportModel$1
androidx/fragment/ktx/R.java
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$color
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$id
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$string
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$style
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/picasso/StackBlurTransformation.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.picasso.StackBlurTransformation
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/CheckListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$10
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$11
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$12
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$13
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$14
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$15
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$16
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$17
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$18
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$18$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$19
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$20
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$21
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.CheckListActivity$9
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$10
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$11
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$12
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$8$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ScanQRCodeForAttendanceActivity$9
com/app/iitdelhicampus/service/NotificationHelper.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.NotificationHelper
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.service.NotificationHelper$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/VisitTimingsActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.VisitTimingsActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.VisitTimingsActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.VisitTimingsActivity$2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/AttendanceListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.AttendanceListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.AttendanceListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.AttendanceListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.AttendanceListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.AttendanceListActivity$4
com/google/android/gms/clearcut/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.clearcut.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/Success.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.Success
com/app/iitdelhicampus/fragment/BaseFragment.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.BaseFragment
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.BaseFragment$1
androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$anim
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$bool
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/AllUserDetailModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.AllUserDetailModel
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/BizzyDateUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.BizzyDateUtils
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/LocationFinderActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LocationFinderActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LocationFinderActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LocationFinderActivity$1$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LocationFinderActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LocationFinderActivity$GetNearbyPlacesAsyncTask
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/HeaderDecoration.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.HeaderDecoration
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ClientsListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientsListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientsListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientsListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientsListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientsListActivity$4
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/Datastatic.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Datastatic
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/WeeklyOffActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.WeeklyOffActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.WeeklyOffActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.WeeklyOffActivity$2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/Securities.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Securities
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/MonthShiftDetailListModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MonthShiftDetailListModel
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/CreateEventModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.CreateEventModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.CreateEventModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/SuccessLoginModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.SuccessLoginModel
androidx/navigation/common/ktx/R.java
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$color
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$id
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$string
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$style
 androidx.navigation.common.ktx.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/POProfileActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.POProfileActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.POProfileActivity$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/SiteVisitMode.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.SiteVisitMode
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.SiteVisitMode$1
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/fragment/ProfileFragment.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragment
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragment$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragment$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragment$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragment$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.ProfileFragment$5
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/Employee.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.Employee
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.Employee$1
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ReviewIncidentActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReviewIncidentActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReviewIncidentActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReviewIncidentActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReviewIncidentActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReviewIncidentActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReviewIncidentActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReviewIncidentActivity$6
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/MusterRoleActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MusterRoleActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MusterRoleActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MusterRoleActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MusterRoleActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MusterRoleActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.MusterRoleActivity$5
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/VisitTimingsAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.VisitTimingsAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.VisitTimingsAdapter$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.VisitTimingsAdapter$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.VisitTimingsAdapter$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.VisitTimingsAdapter$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.VisitTimingsAdapter$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.VisitTimingsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/UserShiftActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.UserShiftActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.UserShiftActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.UserShiftActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.UserShiftActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.UserShiftActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.UserShiftActivity$5
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ShiftListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftListAdapter$ViewHolder$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftListAdapter$ViewHolder$3
com/app/iitdelhicampus/constants/AppConstants.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$APIURLKeys
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$APP_PERMISSIONS
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$AppState
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$CALL
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$PARAMS
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$PRIVACY
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$QUERY_URL
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$ROSTER_STATE
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$SUBSCRIPTION
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.constants.AppConstants$UpdateState
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/SpecialitiesActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SpecialitiesActivity
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/SiteObservationListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SiteObservationListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SiteObservationListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SiteObservationListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
 androidx.core.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.core.ktx.R$color
 androidx.core.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.core.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.core.ktx.R$id
 androidx.core.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.core.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.core.ktx.R$string
 androidx.core.ktx.R$style
 androidx.core.ktx.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/listeners/UpdateContentListener.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.listeners.UpdateContentListener
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/ReminderCalendarEvent.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.ReminderCalendarEvent
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.ktx.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/EmployeeData.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.EmployeeData
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/HomeBannerAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeBannerAdapter
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ShiftMasterListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftMasterListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftMasterListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ShiftMasterListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/android/volley/R.java
 com.android.volley.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/NotificationListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.NotificationListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.NotificationListAdapter$MyViewholder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/MySpannable.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.MySpannable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/WeeklyOffModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.WeeklyOffModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.WeeklyOffModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/IncidentAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.IncidentAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.IncidentAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.IncidentAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ClientListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ClientListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ClientListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ClientListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/LossItemModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.LossItemModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.LossItemModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/FileProviderManager.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.FileProviderManager
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/SpecialitiesAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SpecialitiesAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SpecialitiesAdapter$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SpecialitiesAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/fragment/NotificationFragment.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.NotificationFragment
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/MarkAttendanceModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MarkAttendanceModel
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/EmployeeShiftListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeShiftListActivity$3$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/Utility.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Utility
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Utility$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Utility$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Utility$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Utility$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Utility$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Utility$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Utility$7
com/app/iitdelhicampus/network/LoopJRequestHandler.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJRequestHandler
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJRequestHandler$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJRequestHandler$1HitAp
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJRequestHandler$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJRequestHandler$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJRequestHandler$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJRequestHandler$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJRequestHandler$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJRequestHandler$7
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
me/dm7/barcodescanner/zxing/R.java
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.zxing.R
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.zxing.R$color
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.zxing.R$id
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.zxing.R$integer
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.zxing.R$layout
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/Patrolling/PatrollingDatabaseHelper.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Patrolling.PatrollingDatabaseHelper
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/NotificationModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.NotificationModel
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/ToastUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.ToastUtils
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.ToastUtils$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/BottomTabActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.BottomTabActivity
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/EncryptedResponseModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.EncryptedResponseModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/MultipleSelectionAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultipleSelectionAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultipleSelectionAdapter$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultipleSelectionAdapter$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultipleSelectionAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/application/BaseApplication.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.application.BaseApplication
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/VerificationActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.VerificationActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.VerificationActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.VerificationActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.VerificationActivity$MyTextWatcher
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/Patrolling/RecordDetailModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Patrolling.RecordDetailModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Patrolling.RecordDetailModel$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/SiteObservationActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$10
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$11
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$12
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$13
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$14
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$15
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$15$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$16
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SiteObservationActivity$9
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
androidx/webkit/R.java
 androidx.webkit.R
 androidx.webkit.R$attr
 androidx.webkit.R$color
 androidx.webkit.R$dimen
 androidx.webkit.R$drawable
 androidx.webkit.R$id
 androidx.webkit.R$integer
 androidx.webkit.R$layout
 androidx.webkit.R$string
 androidx.webkit.R$style
 androidx.webkit.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/ViewReminder.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ViewReminder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/Country.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.Country
com/google/android/datatransport/backend/cct/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.backend.cct.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/SecurityEquipmentAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SecurityEquipmentAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SecurityEquipmentAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SecurityEquipmentAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SecurityEquipmentAdapter$ViewHolder$2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/MonthShiftListModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MonthShiftListModel
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/LeaveListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.LeaveListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.LeaveListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.LeaveListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/UserMusterListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.UserMusterListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.UserMusterListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ReviewIncidentListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ReviewIncidentListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ReviewIncidentListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ReviewIncidentListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/ConnectivityUtils.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.ConnectivityUtils
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/MapModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.MapModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/MyDownloadListener.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.MyDownloadListener
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.MyDownloadListener$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/SiteObservationModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.SiteObservationModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/LocalIncidentReportedModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.LocalIncidentReportedModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.LocalIncidentReportedModel$1
androidx/navigation/ui/ktx/R.java
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$anim
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$animator
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$bool
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$color
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$id
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$interpolator
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$string
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$style
 androidx.navigation.ui.ktx.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/SplashActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SplashActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.SplashActivity$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/MultiSelectionAdapterForPolice.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultiSelectionAdapterForPolice
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultiSelectionAdapterForPolice$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.MultiSelectionAdapterForPolice$ViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/LoginWithNumberActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$9
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LoginWithNumberActivity$MyTextWatcher
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/CorrectionActionAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CorrectionActionAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CorrectionActionAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CorrectionActionAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CorrectionActionAdapter$ViewHolder$2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/ReportModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ReportModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/Logger.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Logger
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/UserLoginModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.UserLoginModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.UserLoginModel$Data
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/DashBoardActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.DashBoardActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.DashBoardActivity$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/LoginManagerModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.LoginManagerModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ReportIncidentActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$10
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$11
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$12
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$13
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$14
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$15
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$16
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$17
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$18
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$19
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$20
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$21
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$22
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$22$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$23
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$24
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$8
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ReportIncidentActivity$9
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/EmployeeShiftDetailListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeShiftDetailListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeShiftDetailListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeShiftDetailListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/fragment/IncidentFragment.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.IncidentFragment
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.IncidentFragment$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.IncidentFragment$1$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.IncidentFragment$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.IncidentFragment$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.IncidentFragment$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.fragment.IncidentFragment$5
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/CustomEditText.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.CustomEditText
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
com/google/android/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ClientReportListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportListActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportListActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportListActivity$6
me/dm7/barcodescanner/core/R.java
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.core.R
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.core.R$color
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.core.R$id
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.core.R$integer
 me.dm7.barcodescanner.core.R$layout
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/UserShiftListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.UserShiftListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.UserShiftListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/LogoutModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.LogoutModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/LeaveListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LeaveListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LeaveListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LeaveListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LeaveListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.LeaveListActivity$4
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ObservationAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ObservationAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ObservationAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ObservationAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ObservationAdapter$ViewHolder$2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/GenderListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.GenderListActivity
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.ktx.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.ktx.R$id
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/TLProfileActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.TLProfileActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.TLProfileActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.TLProfileActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.TLProfileActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.TLProfileActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.TLProfileActivity$5
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ClientReportListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ClientReportListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ClientReportListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ClientReportListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/model/ClientListModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ClientListModel
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ClientListModel$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ClientListModel$Data
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.model.ClientListModel$Data$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/picasso/FastBlur.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.picasso.FastBlur
androidx/navigation/ktx/R.java
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$color
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$id
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$string
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$style
 androidx.navigation.ktx.R$styleable
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/CustomDateTimePicker.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.CustomDateTimePicker
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.CustomDateTimePicker$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.CustomDateTimePicker$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.CustomDateTimePicker$ICustomDateTimeListener
com/app/iitdelhicampus/utility/Patrolling/PatrollingOfflineStreamModel.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.utility.Patrolling.PatrollingOfflineStreamModel
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/ClientReportActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity$4
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity$5
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity$6
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity$7
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity$7$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.ClientReportActivity$8
com/app/iitdelhicampus/network/LoopJNetworkManager.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.network.LoopJNetworkManager
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/CountryListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CountryListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.CountryListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/AttendanceListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.AttendanceListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.AttendanceListAdapter$ViewHolder
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/PlaceAutocompleteActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.PlaceAutocompleteActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.PlaceAutocompleteActivity$1
com/google/android/gms/location/places/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$dimen
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$string
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/app/iitdelhicampus/file/FileMeta.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileMeta
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileMeta$DIR
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.file.FileMeta$FileBuilder
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/HomeBannerAdapter2.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.HomeBannerAdapter2
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/ImageAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ImageAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ImageAdapter$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ImageAdapter$1$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ImageAdapter$1$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ImageAdapter$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ImageAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.ImageAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/SingleSelectionAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SingleSelectionAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SingleSelectionAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.SingleSelectionAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/app/iitdelhicampus/activity/EmployeeListActivity.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeListActivity
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeListActivity$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeListActivity$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeListActivity$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.activity.EmployeeListActivity$4
com/app/iitdelhicampus/adapter/EmployeeListAdapter.java
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeListAdapter
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeListAdapter$ViewHolder$2
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeListAdapter$ViewHolder$3
 com.app.iitdelhicampus.adapter.EmployeeListAdapter$ViewHolder$4
